Document dotnet-gcdump tool (#19697)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/additional-tools/index.md

[dotnet-dump](../diagnostics/dotnet-dump.md) provides a way to collect and analyze Windows and Linux core dumps without a native debugger.

> [dotnet-gcdump](../diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump.md) provides a way to collect gcdumps of live .NET processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dotnet-gcdump](../diagnostics/dotnet-gcdump.md) provides a way to collect GC (Garbage Collector) dumps of live .NET processes.
```

Author: @pkulikov, Thanks. I missed this.
